§aThere are 65 other silly texts like this one!
§aDracula Hybrid Theme v2.0!
§aCheck out other Dracula themes!
§aKeep your stakes sharp!
§aAvoiding the sun!
§aVampiric!
§aAlergic to garlic!
§aBeware the Upside-Down!
§aWatch out for bats!
§aThere's no capitalism in Space!
§a42!
§aThe Penguin is better!
§aFresh out of ideas!
§aGet healthy sleep!
§aYou must be the Belmont...
§aCheck out SmallAnt!
§aMemes ahead!
§aBe safe online!
§aThe internet is a series of tubes!
§aDragons are cool!
§aWatch out for Plantera!
§aMr.Stark, I don't feel so good...
§aBut first, coffee!
§aYou saw nothing!
§aOur table, it's broken!
§aGlitch in the Matrix!
§aMy death was greatly exaggerateed!
§aBoomer Humor!
§aCheesed!
§aStay hydrated!
§aClick here for a free MinePhone X!
§aNetherite Hoes!
§aGamer §cR§aG§9B!
§aWeird TikToks included!
§aComplimentary chicken nuggets!
§aTry the Fabulously Optimized modpack!
§aFunny number!
§aYou can only pick one, choose wisely!
§Omae wa mou shindeiru!
§aNani!?!
§aRatio!
§aI require the Lööps, Brøther!
§aVibe check!
§aDrink plenty of fluids. Stay loose, bro!
§aNo pirating! §mUnless it's morally correct!
§aFor legal reasons, that's a joke!
§aThe maple kind, yeah?
§aThe cake is a lie!
§aDreamy RNG!
§aTerrible RNG!
§aLil Taters included!
§aRunning at a smooth 10 FPS!
§aSHAW!
§aMinecraft 2: Electric Boogaloo!
§aLeaf = Salad!
§aMay the Force be with you!
§aWas that the bite of 87!?
§aWe've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty...
§aThis took longer than I'd like to admit!
§aNow with Chunky Runky!
§aQuasi Connectivity!
§aAnother day, another block!
§a39 buried. 0 found.
§aThe android sent by Cyberlife!
§aConnection terminated. I'm sorry to interrupt you, Elizabeth. If you still even remember that name. But I'm afraid you've been misinformed. You are not here to receive a gift. Nor, have you been called here by the individual you assume. Although, you have indeed been called. You have all been called here. Into a labyrinth of sounds and smells, misdirection and misfortune. A labyrinth with no exit. A maze with no prize. You don't even realize that you are trapped. Your lust of blood has driven you in endless circles. Chasing the cries of children in some unseen chamber, always seeming so near. Yet somehow out of reach. But, you will never find them. None of you will. This is where your story ends. And to you, my brave volunteer, who somehow found this job listing not intended for you. Although, there was a way out planned for you, I have a feeling that's not what you want. I have a feeling that you are right where you want to be. I am remaining as well. I am nearby. This place will not be remembered and the memory of everything that started this, can finally begin to fade away. As the agony of every tragedy should. And to you monsters trapped in the corridors. Be still. And give up your spirits. They don't belong to you. As for most of you, I believe there is peace and perhaps, warm, waiting for you after the smoke clears. Although, for one of you, the darkest pit of Hell has opened to swallow you whole. So, don't keep the Devil waiting, friend. My daughter, if you can hear me, I knew you would return as well. It's in your nature to protect the innocent. I'm sorry that on that day, the day you were shut out and left to die, no one was there to lift you up in their arms, the way you lifted others into yours. And then, what became of you, I should have known, you wouldn't be content to disappear. Not my daughter. I couldn't save you then. So, let me save you now. It's time to rest, for you, and for those you have carried in your arms... This ends. For all of us. End communication.
